---
description: Important terms used in the Marketplace Platform.
---

# Platform Glossary

<table data-full-width="false"><thead><tr><th>Term</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Agreement </td><td><p>A formalized record that establishes the terms and conditions under which transactions occur.</p><p></p><p>An agreement details the relationship between the Seller, Buyer, and Licensee, and serves as the foundation for placing orders and creating subscriptions in the platform. </p></td></tr><tr><td>Buyer</td><td><p>An entity that engages in commercial activities with SoftwareOne sellers.</p><p></p><p>Buyers are the recipients of invoices issued by SoftwareOne, and they are central to the creation and context of orders, agreements, and subscriptions.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Group</td><td><p>A collection of permissions assembled together to streamline the assignment process. </p><p></p><p>Groups facilitate the management of user rights by bundling related permissions, which can then be applied to users collectively, simplifying the administration of access levels across the platform.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>An individual unit associated with a specific product, utilized within orders or subscriptions to detail what is being purchased or subscribed to.</td></tr><tr><td>Licensee </td><td><p>An entity that utilizes or consumes the services provided by the marketplace.</p><p></p><p>It serves as a critical component in forming Agreements alongside Buyers and Sellers, thereby establishing the complete context of business transactions.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Order</td><td><p>An object that signifies a business transaction under the framework of an established agreement. </p><p></p><p>The platform accommodates a variety of order types, distinguishing between new purchases, change orders, and other transactional categories, each tailored to support different commercial operations and customer needs.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Permission</td><td><p>An access control attribute that can be allocated within the context of a specific account. </p><p></p><p>Permissions specify the exact actions a user or token is authorized to perform, ensuring precise and secure management of the platform's capabilities.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Product</td><td><p>A collection of items and their relevant parameters curated into a cohesive group for business purposes. </p><p></p><p>Defined by vendors, products are accessible to SoftwareOne Operations and clients through Listings, providing a structured framework for transactional activities.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Request</td><td><p>A collection of items and their relevant parameters curated into a cohesive group for business purposes. </p><p></p><p>Defined by vendors, products are accessible to SoftwareOne Operations and clients through Listings, providing a structured framework for transactional activities.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Seller</td><td><p>An entity representing SoftwareOne that purchases from vendors and sells to clients. </p><p></p><p>The aeller is responsible for generating and issuing invoices to the buyer entities of clients, acting as the intermediary in the transaction process.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Statement</td><td><p>A set of data generated in the scope of each Agreement by the platform.</p><p></p><p>A statement summarizes the financial transactions and details relevant to that Agreement and is made available for Clients to review their account activity and charges.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Subscription</td><td><p>An object linked to an agreement that represents the provision of a service over an extended period.</p><p></p><p>A subscription indicates a continuous or recurring transaction tied to specific terms and conditions detailed within the agreement.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Token</td><td><p>An object similar to a user, but specifically designed for programmatic access by automated systems. </p><p></p><p>Tokens enable these non-interactive entities to authenticate and interact with the platform, performing predefined operations according to the permissions assigned to the token without needing a traditional user login.</p></td></tr><tr><td>User</td><td><p>Represents an actor who can log in to the system, potentially affiliated with multiple accounts. </p><p></p><p>This defines an interactive role within the platform, granting people access to various features and operations based on their assigned permissions and group memberships.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
