# How do I view 3-year commitment details in Marketplace

In SoftwareOne Marketplace, you can track the progress of your 3-year commitment (3YC) request directly from the agreement details page.&#x20;

You can also use this page to view essential details related to your 3YC. The key details available include the enrollment status, start and end dates, and more.

### Viewing 3YC details in Marketplace

To view the 3YC details in Marketplace:

1. Sign in to your Marketplace account.
2. Navigate to the **Agreements** page, then select the required Adobe VIP Marketplace agreement.
3. On the agreement's details page, select the **Parameters** tab. All essential information related to the 3YC is displayed under the **Fulfillment** section.&#x20;
4. Use this section to view the following details:

<table><thead><tr><th width="199">Field</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>3YC enroll status</strong></td><td><p>Indicates the current status of your 3YC:</p><ul><li>A dash (–) means that your 3YC is not yet active. This happens if you have not accepted the 3YC invitation or met the minimum commitment quantity. This field displays a dash (–) until you accept the invitation and fulfill the minimum commitment requirement.</li><li>A <strong>Committed</strong> status means that your 3YC is now active. You have accepted the 3YC invitation and met the minimum commitment quantity. Once the status changes to <strong>Committed</strong>, your 3YC takes effect immediately, and your billing switches to the 3YC discount level.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><strong>3YC start date</strong></td><td><p>Indicates the date on which 3YC officially begins. </p><p></p><p>This date is populated once you reach the minimum commitment quantity and your 3YC status becomes <strong>Committed</strong>. </p><p></p><p>The 3-year commitment period is calculated starting from this date.</p></td></tr><tr><td><strong>3YC end date</strong></td><td>Indicates the date on which your 3-year commitment period ends. This date is calculated automatically based on your <strong>3YC start date</strong>.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>3YC commitment request status</strong></td><td><p>Tracks the status of the 3YC invitation and acceptance phase for the initial 3YC:</p><p></p><ul><li>A <strong>Requested</strong> status indicates that the invitation has been sent, but it hasn't been accepted yet.</li><li>An <strong>Accepted</strong> status indicates that the invitation has been accepted, but you don't have enough licenses to meet the minimum commitment requirement.</li><li>A dash (–) means that the invitation has been accepted, and the minimum quantity criteria have been met. As a result, your 3YC is now active.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><strong>3YC recommitment request status</strong></td><td><p>Tracks the current status of the recommitment notification and acceptance process for an existing 3YC nearing its end date. It applies only if you have an active 3YC nearing expiration. </p><div data-gb-custom-block data-tag="hint" data-style="info" class="hint hint-info"><ul><li>This field only represents the lifecycle of the recommitment invitation (for example, <strong>Requested</strong>, <strong>Accepted</strong>). It is not related to the original 3YC commitment and doesn't affect your current 3YC, which continues until its scheduled end date. </li><li>Recommitment notifications are sent at these intervals before the commitment end date: 30 days, 14 days, 7 days, and 1 day.</li></ul></div></td></tr></tbody></table>
