# Marketplace for Partners

To use the Marketplace Platform effectively as a Partner and make the most of its functionality, it's important to understand how the platform works and be familiar with its concepts.&#x20;

Partner accounts have the same features and functionalities as client accounts, but they also include additional features to help you transact successfully through the Marketplace.

The following video guide provides essential details, including terminology for partners, a step-by-step guide on getting started, and key considerations for using the platform.&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/77SqZEURAGo?feature=shared" %}
Watch a quick video guide showing how partner management works in the Marketplace Platform
{% endembed %}

<table data-card-size="large" data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>What is Partners Management?</strong></td><td>Learn about Partners Management in the Marketplace.</td><td><a href="what-is-partners-management.md">what-is-partners-management.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>How Does Partner Portal Migration Work?</strong></td><td>Find details on the transition and what it means for you.</td><td><a href="how-does-partner-portal-migration-work.md">how-does-partner-portal-migration-work.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>How to Verify If Your Account Has Partner Capabilities?</strong></td><td>Verify partner functionalities in your account.</td><td><a href="how-to-verify-if-your-account-has-partner-capabilities.md">how-to-verify-if-your-account-has-partner-capabilities.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>How to Configure Licensee</strong> </td><td>Set up licensees for reselling products and services.</td><td><a href="how-to-configure-licensees-for-resale.md">how-to-configure-licensees-for-resale.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>How to Enroll in the SoftwareOne CSP Partner Program</strong></td><td>Find prerequisites and steps for enrolling in this program.</td><td><a href="how-to-enroll-in-the-softwareone-csp-partner-program.md">how-to-enroll-in-the-softwareone-csp-partner-program.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>How to Enroll in the CSP Partner Program</strong></td><td>Get details on how to enroll in the CSP Partner program.</td><td><a href="how-to-enroll-in-the-csp-partner-program.md">how-to-enroll-in-the-csp-partner-program.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>How to Order Products for Reselling</strong></td><td>Order products for resale to your customers.</td><td><a href="how-to-order-products-for-resale.md">how-to-order-products-for-resale.md</a></td></tr></tbody></table>
